https://lukesmith.xyz/rss.xml blog
https://lukesmith.xyz/youtube.xml youtube
http://third-bit.com/feed.xml blog
http://blog.ploeh.dk/SyndicationService.asmx/GetRss blog
https://notamonadtutorial.com/feed blog
https://eli.thegreenplace.net/feeds/all.atom.xml blog
http://www.sacrideo.us/rss/ blog
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/mariusaeriksen blog
http://jrsinclair.com/web-development/index.rss blog
https://ferd.ca/feed.rss blog
http://worrydream.com/feed.xml blog
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/stevelosh blog
http://prog21.dadgum.com/atom.xml blog
http://feeds.feedburner.com/codinghorror/ blog
http://tinysubversions.com/feed.xml blog
https://blog.sandstorm.io/feed.xml blog
https://blog.regehr.org/feed blog
https://www.sicpers.info/feed/ blog
http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/rss.xml blog
https://codewords.recurse.com/feed.xml blog
http://davidad.github.io/atom.xml blog
http://neverworkintheory.org/feed blog
https://steve-yegge.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss blog
https://danluu.com/atom.xml blog
https://aphyr.com/posts.atom blog
http://www.kalzumeus.com/feed/ blog
https://vanemden.wordpress.com/feed/ blog
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ElegantCoding blog
https://250bpm.com/rss.xml blog
http://www.dijkstrascry.com/rss.xml blog
https://swizec.com/rss.xml blog
http://maxogden.com/rss.xml blog
https://codewithoutrules.com/atom.xml blog
https://jvns.ca/atom.xml blog
http://feeds.feedburner.com/catonmat?format=xml blog
http://matt.might.net/articles/feed.rss blog
https://degoes.net/feed.xml blog
https://medium.com/feed/@drboolean blog
http://blog.cleancoder.com/atom.xml blog
https://www.functionalgeekery.com/feed/mp3/ podcast
https://feeds.soundcloud.com/users/soundcloud:users:239787249/sounds.rss podcast
http://feeds.feedburner.com/se-radio podcast